docs: Major updates around tooling and Nada language (#7)
NillionNetwork/nillion-docs: docs/nada-run.md

# nada-run

> The nada-run tool locally executes a program against a local stripped down version of a Nillion cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nada-run tool executes a nada program using the Nada VM with the cryptographic algorithms but without the p2p network.
```

Reviewer: We have to move from cluster terminology to subnets and I think this is a better description.
